<!-- Generate a new file using -->
<!-- sed -e "s/\Video page: keywords/My story/" -e "s/\168787722/156128780/" -e "s/\keywords-168787722/`git_current_branch`/g" template.md | tee "`git_current_branch`.md" -->

# Video page: keywords

A specification for clickable keywords on individual video pages.

## Pivotal story

[Video page: keywords](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/168787722)

## Git branch

[keywords-168787722](https://github.com/HammerMuseum/hammer-video/keywords-168787722)

## Story description

**As a user I want to be able to quickly find related videos by clicking on tags on a video page**

Clicking on a tag will take you to /topics/{tag-name} - this will be a listing page showing all videos with that tag.

**Developer notes:**
This will need the following changes:
- Relevant tags fields harvested from DAMS
- Amending schemas of Datastore and Elasticsearch to accommodate the new tags data
- Stored as comma separated list in datastore?
- Will need to be a keyword multivalue field in Elasticsearch to allow for correct aggregated searching
- Correctly structuring the data in the schemas to allow for faceting/filtering on the data
- Amending frontend to fetch and display the new field from the Datastore.

**Acceptance Criteria:**
- Can I see a list of keywords tags on a video page? 
- If I click a tag, am I taken to a listing page of videos with that tag?
- Does the page have the url format /topics/{tag-name}
- Are all the keywords tags associated with that video in the DAMS displayed?

## Implementation

* Add a new div to the individual `video.blade.php` template to list out keywords.
    * Each keyword should be hyperlinked
* Create a new function in the `ListingController`, `topic($topic)`
    * This should accept the keyword as an argument and call the search API using this keyword.
    * The function should return a `listing.blade.php` template, with the specific results passed in to populate the result grid partial.
* Create a new route for `/topics/{keyword}`. 

## Documentation required
n/a
