<!-- Generate a new file using -->
<!-- sed -e "s/\Video page component/My story/" -e "s/\170828000/156128780/" -e "s/\video-page-170828000/`git_current_branch`/g" template.md | tee "`git_current_branch`.md" -->

# Video page component

This is a specification for some updates to the video page component, bringing it more inline with the current UX prototype.

## Pivotal story

[Video page component](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/170828000)

## Git branch

[video-page-170828000](https://github.com/HammerMuseum/hammer-video/video-page-170828000)

## Story description

The page is currently using two Vue components, one for the Video player and a wrapper that handles the rest of the page content. The URL is video/id. This is handled by the Laravel router.

- Add extra page elements from UX prototype
 - About
 -- Opens scrollable description box 
- Use layout from prototype to rearrange existing elements.

---
**Acceptance Criteria**
- Is there a video title?
- Is there a video player?
- Is there an About button on the left?
- When I click the about button, does the description appear in a scrollable box?
- Are the tags visible on the page based on a static version of the prototype?


## Implementation
- Create a component for ItemList.
- Item lists should contain 'Slot' components.
- Add the button container to the video page component.
- Style a layout for the wrapper so that the ItemList sits on the left.
- Add an "About" button to the left-hand container
- The click event for the "About" button should result in the following:
    - A box opens to the right of the button, displaying the video description.
    - The box should now take up half of the parent container
    - The video player on the right's container should now take up half of the parent container.
    - The description box should be scrollable.
    - The functionality of clicking the button to expand the box should be re-usable for future elements.

## Documentation required
